Remove permissions prop injection from main views (#6921)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Authentication.md

export default MyPage;
```

`useAuthenticated` accepts an options object as its only argument, with the following properties:

> - `enabled`: whether it should check for an authenticated user

Reviewer: - `enabled`: whether it should check for an authenticated user (`true` by default)

Author: Make it a suggestion next time ;)
```suggestion
- `enabled`: whether it should check for an authenticated user (`true` by default)
```

    );
}
```

### Allowing Anonymous Access to Custom Views

> You might have custom views that leverages our components or hooks such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might have custom views that leverage react-admin components or hooks such as:

```
